feat: blocking client and http calls for virtual threads (#340)
akka/akka-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/http-endpoints.adoc

<2> Accept the `ComponentClient` and keep it in a field.
<3> GET endpoint path is combined with a path parameter name, e.g. `/carts/123`.
<4> The component client can be used to interact with other components.

> <5> Result of a request to a component is the reply type from the effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> Result of a request to a component is the Effect's reply type.
```
